[Music]
What's up kids, I hope you're
enjoying the weekend, or well, or
what's left of the weekend. I'm
bringing you this news that has come out in the
last few hours regarding the
energy issue, it's not a live that
energy has done on his Instagram account,
apparently completely collapsed, screwed
up. The truth is that it seems that he's having a
bad time with all the cancellations
that they're doing to him, I don't know if they're deserved
or deserved because I don't know what the
level of things that are coming to him will be.
What I see here is a conflict on the
internet, it's divided into two parts,
right now there's a conflict of
opinions between people who are even
having empathy with this kid and people
who are saying, in other words,
speaking vulgarly, [ __ ] him, he
deserves everything there is and until there's that, I'm
going to put the video up so
you can watch it and tell me what you
think because I want to know what
my people think. I don't know, really,
what he did is that serious or he really didn't
kill anyone, it's not that serious, it's not that big a deal, we have to
let it go, the
kid made a mistake, realize his
mistake and  I won't do it again what do
you think because to me it seems a
little disgusting to my country don't
be weird and shady everything seems shady too let's
not forget that a lot of people are
telling you well we have to fine tune the age a
16 year old girl that is legal although
although it may not seem weird it is legal
and we are nobody to judge
you are not alone 16 year old girls other conversations have come up and there you have to be well informed to have an opinion other things came up other conversations in fact in the debate with Dallas you can see an extract that I think people put it here in the answer
in which is that
look at that point
I wanted to meet and I was 25 years old it's like
line 13 but precisely the girl
you are saying that there is a great maturity
that no but I that she was 13 before a
girl that I wanted to meet who was
13 but it is that to have
such a great maturity that I said nothing you are not
then you put them together with this
fascinates me
but the thing would be
of
or rather over 18 but that they suffer that they are
over  18 but they make it seem
like they have one they bite their lip like that
and they laugh the way they want it if you
're saying 18 that they seem to have one I
won't go down if 18 after no then you
know what I'm telling you I mean
this can't be allowed under any
circumstances and it's disgusting what you want me to
tell you know then
well he hasn't killed anyone he hasn't killed
anyone he has killed anyone but come on
I don't see that we have to feel
sorry for me the truth is I don't feel sorry
for any of them you want me to tell you
scrambled
and
as you can see
there are people in opinion that there are people who were
making fun of them that are calling them all I
have to tell you clearly that in the
case of in the case that I had
hooked up with someone under 16 because
as I'm saying the conversation that came
out not only the 16 that the cap brought out
to this one who by the way the cap to this one it's
clear that the cap doesn't give
a [ __ ] that she's a minor and whatever
the cap is what he's done has been
looking for followers and that's it okay but that
in fact the one who can get into
legal trouble the cap has done why
publish conversations of third parties in
which you are not a participant the crime the
crime then in the end let's see if the one who is
going to complicate your life base you because
this kid at the moment
what has come out of what has come out so
murkier was with the 16 year old well
legally I think that legally
energy nothing what we can think strange
suspecting strange things based on the
things he has said about the others of the
13 year olds of the 14 year old that followed is a
photo with her because she was very pretty you know
but in the end he did not commit any crime
or so legally I think that energy
would be saved and if they give him to put
a cigar in the cape he will regret it because he
has also published conversations of
third parties with the intention of smoking it on
the networks and calling it a pedophile be
very careful although nobody uses the
word pedophile as such people
try to use it and people do not have to
lara that pedophilia exists it is worth what
two edges no that are those what about
minors but minors minors
blood  ok little boy
from 5 6 7 8 to 11 but that
the minors and if we are talking about
minors under 13 14 it would be 1 ephebophilia
ephebophilia which is equally disgusting of
course but pedophilia is even more disgusting
no then when it comes to
pointing things out they have to know the
concepts
yes I
weave
the earth
is that I tell you I don't want
anyone to do anything crazy that makes me do
any crazy thing
neither are we nor are the others
the executioners the coastal although just who
take justice into our own hands we were
not considered that nobody should
go and take it personally to
insult the valet obviously each one
from their social network to have an opinion what they want
because obviously if you are a
public figure and you have done that above
all people have all the freedom in the
world to have their thoughts about you
and to give their opinion that you disgust them what you have
done okay that's how I see it, it doesn't make me feel sorry, it does
n't make me hate you as a father I don't
like that we are leaving I don't consider that
these people with these thoughts that they
have and these little things that they do have to
have access to the internet for me they have to
take away their internet access at
least it's worth it no matter how legal what he's
done is and everything you want for
me as a father I don't want this on the
internet I don't want this to have access
to the internet this is a danger on the
internet okay because they imagined that
any girl would follow their lead
we've already seen what happened with Didac
supposedly what happened with Didac
what seems to be the conversations that
have come out that seem real let's
see how things go and how they
evolve there's a possibility that they
were manipulated I don't know that's why
we'll always go with the assumption
but in the case of what
Didac did is true or in the case of the
conversations that have come out of this
guy being true
if
the girl follows the lead because he's a
famous person he's not a red that the famous he
's not a youtuber who has many
followers no matter what's going on family or rather I have to feel
sorry for this guy because he
starts crying go [ __ ] yourself get off the
internet don't have social networks
to access people's media man
you who wants your fame for that you
use your fame for my pity  I don't have
any family, I don't want
anyone to do anything crazy, I don't think
people have to insult him and
threaten him and things like that, of
course not,
everyone from their social network should have
the freedom to express their opinion as long as it doesn't
go too far, but it pains me
that he starts crying and how he's
saying here, stop being a
macho kid for success, no, in the end what he's
done, look guys, I really
consider it,
first of all, obviously one thing is not
incompatible with the other, he considers
that complaints have to be filed at the
police station, not on Twitter, we've always
talked about this and I consider that we have to
have it, of course, the presumption of
innocence, okay, but man, he
himself has said it here, we're already
talking about the fact that he himself on the subject of 'the
con dallas', he himself has said that he
had this conversation against her, okay, the
first thing is this live thing here,
look at whoever is justifying this
live, whoever is defending this
kid after having heard himself
live, the [ __ ] or wants to take us
for [ __ ]  It's okay if anyone
loves me before this kid
here on live said something else
that isn't what we're
really understanding, please let's not
enjoy the intelligence of
people, no, whoever wants to
convince me that he's giving us an
understanding here and he wasn't insinuating what we
're understanding 8 man please that's
Palmasano and then the second thing this has been going on for
25 years
13 but precisely the girl
yes yes yes the first thing is that you first
have a partner
the first ones you have a partner
but well the second thing is that you want to
meet a 13 year old girl I mean why are you
going to meet someone 13 to
talk conversation about your friend when you're
27 well if you tell me that a
relative of a friend of yours that you
appreciate because he's a relative of a
friend of yours in a different case but that
you're people talking in a relationship and
trying to get closer and talking about sex and
also says that the girl knew things
that she shouldn't know for her age
what the hell did you talk about with that line the two of us
to me and it paints me as murky as
hell you can  Say what you
want, okay, I'm not going to insult him and
look at his networks, I'm going to ask him to go
enjoy himself and nothing, but it doesn't look good to me
and I can't deny the evidence, okay,
now that I feel sorry for myself, I don't feel sorry at
all, I don't want these people to
have influence or to be on the
networks, what the [ __ ] are you talking to me about,
please, and that they have the networks or that they
have
family who thinks about you,
read the comments box very
carefully, if I can do it live
tonight, I can't guarantee it, I have to
heal myself, the floor is partn, I can't
go to the tournament of my life, the squid game, what do you
see, balls of games, 100 thousand turkeys
with the floor that's going to give me all the
bad luck, go family, get a
hug
[Music]